Add v2 macros migration guide (#3559)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/getting-started/0-47-0-migration-guide.md

# `snforge` 0.47.0 Migration Guide

Starting from version 0.47.0, `snforge` will by default support Scarb versions 2.12 or newer.

> This is due by migration to the Scarb V2 version of procedural macros, which are used to handle arguments like `#[test]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to the migration to Scarb V2 version of procedural macros, which are used to handle arguments like `#[test]`
```

in `snforge`.

> The benefit of this migration is that tools like Cairo plugin to VSCode will start showing better, more descriptive
> errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migration will be beneficial, enabling tools like the Cairo VSCode plugin to deliver more descriptive errors- significantly improving the UX.
```

```toml
[dev-dependencies]
snforge_std = "0.47.0"
```

No further action is required.

## Scarb Versions < 2.12.0

> 📝 **Note**
>
> We recommend upgrading to at least Scarb 2.12.0, as steps outlined below will stop being supported soon.

For Scarb versions < 2.12.0 it is still possible to continue using the latest `snforge`.
We now publish a new package `snforge_std_compatibility`, supporting versions < 2.12.0.

> 📝 **Note**
>
> `snforge_std_compatibility` may not provide full functionality in comparison to `snforge_std`.

First, in your `Scarb.toml`, remove the `snforge_std` dependency and add `snforge_std_compatibility`.

```diff
[dev-dependencies]
- snforge_std = "0.46.0"
+ snforge_std_compatibility = "0.47.0"
```

Next, replace all kinds of imports in your code from `snforge_std` to `snforge_std_compatibility`

```diff
// Replace use statements
- use snforge_std::{ContractClassTrait, start_cheat_caller_address};
+ use snforge_std_compatibility::{ContractClassTrait, start_cheat_caller_address};

// Replace full path usages
- let result = snforge_std::declare("MyContract").unwrap();
+ let result = snforge_std_compatibility::declare("MyContract").unwrap();

> ```

Reviewer: I would somehow involve a table here, so it's compared left vs right. It seems more natural for me when seeing comparison.

Author: Codeblocks with `diff` format generate nice, colored output.

<img width="818" height="98" alt="obraz" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed0992ad-9d7e-4bb4-815a-01814eb0e2f9" />

With the table we would to somehow have to style it ourselves because they don't seem to render codeblocks.

Reviewer: Ok let's leave it like that then.
